Exception :-                
                
             Exception is an unwanted or unexpected event, which occurs during the execution of a program, i.e. at run time, 
             that disrupts the normal flow of the program’s instructions. Exceptions can be caught and handled by the program. 
             When an exception occurs within a method, it creates an object. This object is called the exception object. 
             It contains information about the exception, such as the name and description of the exception and the state of the program when the exception occurred.
             
                                                                          (or)
                                                                          
             Exception is an abnormal condition.
             In Java, an exception is an event that disrupts the normal flow of the program. It is an object which is thrown at runtime.   
             
             
Major reasons why an exception Occurs :- 

              Invalid user input
              Device failure
              Loss of network connection
              Physical limitations (out of disk memory)
              Code errors
              Opening an unavailable file
              
Errors :-                   
              
              Errors represent irrecoverable conditions such as Java virtual machine (JVM) 
              running out of memory, memory leaks, stack overflow errors, library incompatibility, infinite recursion, etc. 
              Errors are usually beyond the control of the programmer, and we should not try to handle errors.
              
 Let us discuss the most important part which is the differences between Error and Exception that is as follows: 

              Error: An Error indicates a serious problem that a reasonable application should not try to catch.
             
              Exception: Exception indicates conditions that a reasonable application might try to catch.             
